Update translation of printclient.rst + image path fixes + further print documentation enhancements (#163)
mapbender/mapbender-documentation: en/functions/export/printclient.rst

Directories
=============

* **northarrow:** The "north arrow" image is located at **app/Resources/MapbenderPrintBundle/images/**. The "north arrow" image can be replaced to use a different image instead.

* **print templates:** The print templates can be found under **app/Resources/MapbenderPrintBundle/templates/**. 

> * **default directories**: Mapbender saves its generated print files in the browsers default download folder. If the queued print is used, the files will be saved under the Mapbender directory **web/prints/**.

Author: ```suggestion
* **default directories**: Mapbender saves its generated print files in the browser's default download folder. If the queued print is used, the files will be saved under the Mapbender directory **web/prints/**.
```

Dynamic images and dynamic texts
================================

> Dependent of the group prints can be created with different logos and text (e.g. the name of the commune and the individual logo). There are two objects which handle this - dynamic_image and dynamic_text. If these objects exists in the print layout Mapbender and the user is a member of a group, Mapbender will search for an image with the name of the group (groupname.png) and it will be displayed in the print in the object dynamic_image. The height of the object will be used to scale the image and the width will be calculated relative to the height. In the object dynamic_text the group description will be printed.

Author: ```suggestion
Dependent of a group, prints can be created with different logos and text (e.g. the name of the commune and the individual logo). There are two objects which handle this - ["dynamic_image" and "dynamic_text"]. If these objects exist in the print layout, [Mapbender and the user are members of a group. Mapbender will then] search for an image with the name of the group (groupname.png) and it will be displayed in the print in the object ["dynamic_image"]. The height of the object will be used to scale the image[,] the width will be calculated relative to the height. In the object ["dynamic_text"], the group description will be printed.
```
